Behavioral questions

1- Can you give a challenge you came across before?

When I joined the team we were only a few testers and we didn't have any git access for our project. 
We took turns at the end of a sprint and had a member run the report manually. Soon the leads wanted us to use git, but gave us one branch to push and pull.
We didn't have much practice and we ran into merge issues and accidentally deleted most of the code framework. 
I reached out to a developer and he helped us update the code and practice git. 
We got the code back, reserved the conflicts, and used git so it wasn't broken again. 


2- Why do you believe you are a strong match for this position?

I am positive and cross-functional team member. 
I have very strong communication skills withing my team. 
I am a quick learner and open to learn new domains. I can adapt to new tools and situations. 
I make sure I meet deadlines and can work under stress, which is common in an agile environemnt. 


3- Why did you apply for this postion? 

I think the job description matches my day-to-day activities and experience. 
I was confident with the job, which is why I applied. 
I have done some research on the company and I'm sure this is where I would like to work. 


4- Why are you looking for a job?

MONEY MONEY MONEY! $$$
My company was like a family, but they planned to relocate and I decided I wanted to look for new opportunities. 


5- How do handle stress?

In one of our sprints, my developer deployed a code very late, and I didn't have time to get the job done. 
I worked hard, with extra hours and long nights.
I managed to finish my task on time. 
My first approach is trying to calm down and work one at a time.
I eat chocolate, drink coffee, and listen to music to keep me going. 


6- What would you do if we hired you?

I would finish all of the paper work to get access to the project and databases. 
I will learn about the company culture, my teammates and my projects in order to be more productive. 


7- What is your biggest accomplishment? 

One would be establishing a trustworthy relationship within my team. 
Another would be a time where an application from my last project had little "id". I spent hours communicating issues with my developers and team members to come up with a solution. 
I managed to get access to put "id" in the Webpage elements by myself. 
It really saved a lot of time. 


8- Where do you see yourself 5 years from now? 

I like this position that I've been offered and have a lot of opportunities to grow here. 
I've worked with some great managers and have learned from their experience. 
I want a role I can grow with and continue to take challenges to make myself and my team greater. 


9- What is your weakness? 

When given responsobilites with strict deadlines, I have to put in more effort work long hours and even 7 days a week: this affects my family life. 
I cannot sleep until I am done with my assignments. 


10- What are your strengths?

I am a very detail-oriented person and work according to my deadline. 
I am dedicated towards my job and take my work seriosuly. 
I am an honest person and communicate any issues in our testing to make sure there are no problems within my team. 


11- What do you if you have too much work and you cannot finish before the deadnline? 

When developers don't deploy their code on time, us testers are unable to finsih our work. 
When upper management keeps pushing us, we focus on completion, not test quality. 
At meetings, I suggested working closely with developers and communicating daily to make sure developers are completing their most important work. 
I try to follow my test lead and work on whatever my managers sees as most important. 
If all else fails, I let my manager know the issue and that I may not be able to complete the task on time. 


12- How do you handle conflict? 

I would voice my opinion and listen to everyone's concerns. 
Then  I would try to come up with a solution that benefits everyone as best as I can. 


13- How do you prioritize your work load?

I have a rating system from most important tasks to least important based on the deadline for each task. 
Sometimes I ask my manager for what they would like to me to finish first. 


14- Can you work under pressure? 

Pressure is good to keep me going and help me work hard and do the best I can.
I'm skilled at balancing multiple projects so I can cope without becoming too stressed. 
I focus on one task at a time and feel accomplished when I meet a deadline, which keeps my confidence boosted. 
I manage to work ahead of time to avoid too much work at once. 


15- How soon can you start?

I can start one or two weeks after getting the offer letter and start date. 


16- Can you start tomorrow? 

I won't be able to leave that quickly and I need time to properly adjust in order to be at my best. 
I don't want to leave any of my previous work unfinished. 


17- May I contact your current employer for reference?

If you are willing to submit my resume than feel free. 


18- What do you like the most about testing? 

Testing is very fun for me. 
I enjoy testing because as an end user I want to buy a product that is defect free. 
I love helping others make sure their product is of high quality. 
Imagine testing the safety features of the newest Toyota Camry. You are saving hundreds of lives by doing something you enjoy. 


19- Why should we hire you?

I can confidently say that I am well qualified fo this position. 
I have the expertise required in this job to succeed in this position and do so much more. 
I am independant, but I also work great with my team. 
I work hard to complete my assignments, I am always prepared and on time and focus on my tasks. 
I have a lot of techniques to benefit this comapny and to move it forward. 


20- Do you have any questions for us?

Do you provide trainings to support the education of your employees?